# This function generates syntax for FSL Feat .fsf files for the EVs tab of a higher-level fMRI analysis. It accepts a numeric design matrix whose colum names correspond to individual EVs in the model

This function generates syntax for FSL Feat .fsf files for the EVs tab
of a higher-level fMRI analysis. It accepts a numeric design matrix
whose colum names correspond to individual EVs in the model

## Usage

``` r
fsl_generate_fsf_ev_syntax(inputs, dmat, group_membership = NULL)
```

## Arguments

- inputs:

  A vector of inputs (usually lower-level .feat directories)
  corresponding to rows of `dmat`.

- dmat:

  A numeric matrix whose rows specify individual inputs and columns
  specify EVs. Columns should be named by EV!

- group_membership:

  An optional vector specifying group membership of each row in `dmat`
  in order to estimate separate variances for multiple groups. If not
  specified, variances will be modeled as one group.

## Value

A character vector containing .fsf syntax for the contrasts portion of a
Feat analysis based on `cmat`.

## Details

This allows you to generate a design matrix dynamically based on a
numeric matrix that has been setup in R using a function such as lm() to
handle more complex designs appropriately. The syntax generated by this
function can be combined with a .fsf template file to implement the
entire LVL2 or LVL3 analysis setup.

## Author

Michael Hallquist

## Examples

``` r
  dmat <- matrix(rnorm(1000), ncol=10)
  colnames(dmat) <- letters[1:10]

  inputs <- replicate(100, tempfile())

  result <- fsl_generate_fsf_ev_syntax(inputs, dmat)
```
